# Quantitative-BioMedicine
In this case study, we aim to provide bioinformaticians with an effective framework for producing statistical reports based on the display plots of R software by reviewing the tools provided in this reliable software space.

First, we qualitatively survey a clinical trial dataset published by Harvard Dataverse (see: https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi:10.7910/DVN/EA1SAP) using functions such as "describe", "describeBy", and "pairs.panels" available in the package "psych" (see the Required-packages file for the multiple installation method in R). For a better understanding and familiarity with the functions provided by these libraries, you can refer to the address "https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/available_packages_by_date.html" and the information there. Using these functions, it is then very easy to generate an R report with basic summary descriptive statistics (see the Descriptive-statistics file).

The "bp" library also provides us with a unique set of metrics to analyse our clinical trials (see the Metrics-summary file). It is sufficient to simply extract all these standards using the each() function from the "plyr" library, after pre-processing the assumed dataset with the "process_data" function from the "bp" library in a command line.

Another feature of the "bp" library is the ability to create a comprehensive visual report from a series of statistical plots obtained from our analysis. This is easily done using an "bp_report" function. See the "Visualization-report" file developed in the R environment to learn more about using this and other visualisation techniques.
